I have a cousin back in Liberl. Just sent me a letter complaining
that some famous chest-robbers are on the loose again, and
they even have a new member in their ranks!

Congratulations on reaching the end.
You've got a long road ahead of you still,
but I know you can do it.

Quick, Adol! We have to get to the center of the Great Tree of Origins before--
Oh, wait. Sorry. Wrong tree.

Upon closer inspection, you notice this chest is made of Grimwood.
You start to panic, realizing you've just robbed the relative of a lawyer.

If this place has been deserted since before the Orbal Revolution,
how did I have a quartz inside me? Chew on that one...

You admire the chest's curves and luscious locks.

You find what appears to be a botched attempt
at Fierce Tiger Chao Fan. Elie suddenly seems to
be in a hurry to leave the area.

Goddess forbid Crossbell becomes part of the Empire again.
The Imperial government would probably silence all of us
Crossbellan chests for good!

This is the Geofront hidden below Tokyo-3.
NERV's protection from the angels' assault.
Oh, wait a minute, wrong franchise. Silly me.

Randy was first in line to buy the Epstein Foundation's first ever orbal pager.
He's calling it the Red Beeper.

[25/61] She inspected her makeup, fixating on minor flaws
(that weren't there). She retrieved her hat fitted with
a black veil and ensured not a strand was out of place
(they weren't). There was no room for error.

I just wrote a script about the dictionary for the next Arc en Ciel production.
It's a play on words.

Keep an eye on that Rixia Mao. I have reason
to believe that she is engaged in thespionage.

If you keep checking every chest in this tower,
we're going to start calling your team the
Stallritter.

[40/61] At last, he moved his hands from behind his back.
Small enough to fit over his palms was a chest--one of
a dark, cherry-red wood framed with a steel that was
painstakingly etched end to end with florae.

Arc en Ciel tried to recruit me as a stage prop,
but I hate being boxed into only one kind of role.

Where do treasure chests come from?
Well, when a carpenter and pile of lumber
love each other very much...

Things are going in some interesting directions, eh?
No wonder they call him Detour Crois.

Are you back because you thought I was booty-full?

Congratulations! After a game and a half of being a police
detective, you finally managed to find the real Criminal.
I guess you can stop playing now.

ZCF and Mishelam Wonderland collaborated to invent
new playground equipment. But after months of work,
all they came up with was a swing and a Mish.

[12/61] Well, not the villain, per se. No! Of course not.
That was much too harsh! He was only twenty-seven
years old, not yet dulled in spirit by the constant,
tiresome politics tethered to life as an heir.

My name is Inigo Chestoya.
You opened my father.
Prepare to die.

You may have heard that Calvard has lax immigration policies.
It's true! Most of my fellow Altair chests had parents and
grandparents that came from Liberl and Crossbell.

Look at my chest! What do you see? 
A lodge once used by the cult of D
Found 

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but
I think my friends and I will be the only
Calvardian chests you ever meet that talk.

I've been here since the raid and I really want a change of scenery.
Think I might apply for a job at the Locksmith Agency.

Why is he the Divine Blade of Wind?
Because he's Airy-os! I'm sorry, that
was pretty MacLame.

[61/61] 'But I couldn't wait till midnight,' Genevieve replied
through a fit of giddiness. She lightened her hug, but only
so she could plant a long-overdue kiss. 'I've missed you! Oh,
I love you so much, Jubilee!' [Trails in the Chest, Pt. II, END?]

If you think you're feeling betrayed now,
just wait until you find out how many
dinosaurs are in Dinosaur.

Lloyd decided that after all of this he would take
a fishing trip on his new boat: The SS SSS.

I dunno. Seems to me like Eight Blades One Leaf
would be more impressive.

Damn. I was one dungeon away from talking chest retirement, too...

'Tis I, the Box of Iron Chancellor. How long
do you think Chestbell can hold out?

I guess chests weren't important enough to invite to the trade conference,
huh, Dieter? Fine. We'll be holding our own Chest Zemuria Trade Conference.
Found 

Hello, lads! I'm President Locksmith, and it's a pleasure
to meet you. I'd like to award you medals for opening all
of my friends earlier this year during the bolt incident.

Day 394: It was another cold Tuesday
morning when suddenly I realized...
I was still a treasure chest.

I'm really glad Princess Klaudia got to
speak with Lechter again. Maybe now
she can finally have some Klosure.

What do you call a crocodile wearing a waistcoat?
An investi-gator.

Did you make it to me legitimately or are
you reading me on Trails in the Database?

What would Aidios say if she saw what
you were doing?

[9/61] 'What do I do...?' he moaned yet again, this time
gently massaging the hoods of his eyes--which again
eased nothing. For he was aware: he stood in the way
of true love between Genevieve and Jubilee.

Help us! Our tunnel has been occupied by the Red Chestellation--
the strongest jaeger corps in all of chestern Zemuria!

[33/61] Now riled, she swung open her hotel room door
with more force than she was used to letting out.
Perhaps she overdid it; on the other side with a somewhat
startled expression, hands behind his back, was Cyril.

Forget orbal guns. Chests have everything
you could need--lock, stock, and barrel.

It took years to perfect my Bellberry Juice cocktail recipe.
I always knew I could get over the berrier.

[34/61] 'G-Good morning!' he stammered out a little
too loudly to match Genevieve's fire. He then recollected
himself in an effort to reset the mood between them.
'Would you, er, like to have breakfast with me?'

Story of my life: I was placed here, I had
that item put in me, you opened me, and
then the chest is history.

There is a car magazine, 'Car Star: Extra,' here.

You ever stop and think about how the CPD
awarded you 5 DP for breaking out of prison?

Every chest you open gets Ouroboros one step
closer to obtaining the Sept-Terrion of Chests.

If a music group were to perform in this tower,
would that make them an Orchistra?

I challenged Father Kevin to an arm wrestling
contest, but he easily won. He must have the
strength of a Thousand Arms.

Now you must put something back.
Such is the law of equivalent exchange.

[52/61] And so she did while Cyril re-gathered the other
letters, giving her precious few minutes for the sheet of
ice within her to melt and join the rushing current.
Months of emotions had built into a sudden, colossal flood.

[60/61] 'Oww...' she groaned. Still, pain be damned.
She could feel her. Her Genevieve! And on the floor
to her right, she saw the chest she had spent weeks
carving, hoping for her return. 'So you did get it...'

This series set my path in life with its incredible focus on attention to detail.
I was led to finding a community--a group of friends and passionate fans.
Together, we made two wonders we can be eternally proud of. -- 'NB'

If doing the right thing was easy, it wouldn't be heroic.
If heroes were common, they wouldn't write legends
about them.

[18/61] It was time to eat breakfast. Certainly, he
couldn't think up a solution to this conundrum on
an empty stomach! He could sit on it. He had hours
to do so, and there was work to be done today.

Seventy years ago this week, us Crossbell
chests were finally freed of Imperial rule.
Welcome to our Anniversary Chestival.

Wow, a sequel to Trails in the Chest?
I can't believe the Geofront got a
chest-selling author to work on Azure.

An advertisement is pasted to the bottom side of the lid:
You'd have to be BLIND to not see all Maison Imelda has to offer!
For availabilities, contact Madam Imelda at Imelda's Antiques.

Someone keeps stealing the wheels off the First Division's patrol cars.
They're working tirelessly to bring them to justice.

The treasure chest activates its power to stop time!
Fortunately, it can't do anything, either, so nothing
happens while you read this text.

I'd love to Cast 1, too, but the
fishing spot is way over there!

Scratched into the bottom of the chest is a heart containing 'Anton +.'
The name on the right side has been written over too many times to read.

Take me down to the Crossbell City  
Where the Pleroma is blue and the girls are pretty  
Oh, won't you please take me down?  

Our realities exist as we observe and interpret
them. As such, Mishy is the greatest.
                  -- Tio Plato's Allegory of the Stave

I knew I never should have joined Revache.
I wasn't cut out to be a boxioso.

Bet you're wishing you kept that Get Out
of Jail Free card you found back at the
Revache hideout right about now.

The chest is diligently writing the script for a game about
the pain of having your fingers caught in a chest lid.
The game appears to be called 'Ow no Kiseki.'

[3/61] He rubbed his temple to ease his growing headache--
not that doing so eased it even a little, but old habits were
dogged to perform as they would. Again and again, he
grumbled to himself, 'What do I do?'

Plankly, I don't see what you find so funny about puns.
I'm already board of them.

You know, maybe the real treasure was the treasure inside of me all along.
Seriously. Give it back.

You pick up an invitation for a fighting game but
turn it down so you can focus on support requests.

[20/61] Yet he paused his raised hand. Suddenly,
the conundrum grew twice greater in his mind.
'...It's not. I know it's not.' Confound it all!

Though it had its ups and downs, I'm grateful for the
opportunity working on these two games gave me. -- 'AZ'

Chief Roberts recently put Tio in charge of porting
Pom! Pom! Party! to a brand new portable console.
She's calling it the Tio Geo Pocket.

Crossbell's been through everything this year.
What's another barrier or two? Nothing, so go
finish this story the only way you know how.

They said Crossbell would never be localized,
but you shouldn't believe everything you read
on the orbal network.

Trails means the world to me, too. I'm grateful I could
share my world and my favorite story in it with you.
Thank you for giving us a chance. -- 'DST'

From Zero to Azure, this has been an unforgettable journey. It was
fun at times and most definitely stressful at times, but, still, thank
you for supporting us. It meant the world, and changed mine. -- 'WW'

They don't pay me enough to come up with chest
messages that you can only see with debug or in
the database. Actually, they don't pay me at all.

Received the chest's Pom! Pom! Party! account info.

Hopefully, that will help you overcome
the last handful of barriers in your way.

A closer inspection of the chest reveals an inscription that says 'For Doodles.'
Wow, this really is the inside of KeA's heart.

[56/61] It was now a more respectable location, and the
building's owner had her true love to thank for it.
And today--tonight--was the night that would determine
if that love had been worth clinging to all these months.

Use the code WISHYWITHMISHY to get 500 mira
off your next Crossbell Eats order.

[4/61] The problem was not with the sender, Jubilee,
a total stranger to him; it was with its receiver,
Genevieve, his bride of seven months.

I was once Towergazer's Chest, but the new diet and mayor had me renovated.
Now I'm an upscale apartment for monster swarms.

[23/61] 'Yes?' Genevieve heard a knock at her door.
She had been sitting upright at the edge of her bed,
fully dressed in modestwear from head to toe, with
her veiled hat set next to her as she read a book.

[16/61] Jubilee was a stranger insofar that she and Cyril
had never met. He did know of her--but only through the
whispers of the staff who attended to him. And, as with
Genevieve, he felt deep sympathy for her.

Don't you DARE think about oiling my hinges.
Can't you see I'm the Squeaker of the Chestbell Diet?

I swear officer, I don't know HOW that got in there!
Someone framed me, and they used mahogany to do it!

Holy crap!
Is that a motherhecking
GAGHARV reference???

[45/61] ...Cyril burst into laughter. It almost caused her to loosen
her grip on the chest, but his laughter became so ridiculous that
he let go to muffle his mouth, allowing her to hug it possessively
against her. She watched him, perplexed.

Thought you could get more, did you?
Sorry, pal--no duplicates. Chest la vie.

Aaaah! Yeah, clip that grass into me.
...What? The last time you opened me,
it sort of awoke something.

I still haven't been told what this tower is for,
so as far as I'm concerned...
Welcome to the Crossbell Chest Tower. 

Did you know if you join the Business Owners'
Association and start hiding items inside of chests,
they double over time? It's called Mors' law.

Why do Puck and Roose hate Zhang Hui's lectures?
Because they're Long and Laod.

One day, it is prophesied that the true treasure chest
will lead all chests in the fight against the adventurers.
This day will be called: Ragnabox! Come, the Aboxalypse!

[42/61] 'Give me that!' she demanded in a low tone,
to which he only responded with an ill-suited snort.
In the heat of the moment, she had no time to
consider how strange it was. 'That isn't yours.'

There was a fishing hole here. It's gone now.

The chest tries to swallow you whole,
but doesn't find you very dichestible.

If this ain't a chest message,
then I don't know what is.

Using debug, I see. Did you know that if you debug your
way over here in Zero that the door to C Sector is also there?
It opens but doesn't go anywhere. Same for the lighthouse!

[47/61] This perplexed Genevieve all the more. 
'You've always kept your anger over this whole
arrangement in. You've been so cold...and now look
at you. I can't even ACT angry with you like this.'

Use that rod to give the Imperial Fishing Club a taste of their
own medicine. They're so snobby, and they never allow my
Erebonian chest buddies to get a word in edgewise.

Before opening Trinity, Wazy's first cover job idea was
becoming Morges' apprentice. However, Bennet refused
to let him have the title 'Second Dough Minion.'

Congrats to Lloyd for changing Noel Seeker
to One L Finder.

It's not too late in the game for Randy
to betray you. I hear he's applied to join
Ouroboros as Enforcer No. LXIX.

[51/61] He then removed one specific envelope from his
breast pocket and placed it above the lid. 'Whoever left
this letter and chest placed it in front of my door instead
of yours. You'd best read it--the clock is ticking.'

That wasn't very cash mira of you.

[29/61] Her mind was wandering--as it had been ever
since she arrived. Like a thick sheet of ice masking
a rushing current, her stone-faced exterior had been
fighting to quell the warm fluttering within...

You open the chest. Inside is a tiny Pom.
It would wave, but it has no arms.

If monsters like to eat sepith and I was full
of sepith...does that make me a...? Oh, no...

Someone has to end this cycle of looting.
What do you say, ready to bury the latchet?

Why am I not surprised that Neue Blanc's
most-ordered drinks are Bloody Shirlies
and Jaegermeisters?

[24/61] No answer. Odd. She placed a bookmark and made
a note of her last line--'But it's not me they're after.
It's what I'm carrying.'--before standing and fiddling with
minor creases and imperfections on her clothing.

You found a scarf to stop explosions.
Just kidding. Wrong kind of penguin.

You do realize you could have
just taken the stairs, right?

[10/61] This was not the first letter Jubilee had sent,
but it was one that marked one year since their parting.
His staff had intercepted them all on her father's orders--
not that it pleased Cyril to know they were coming.

You rummage around and see dozens of rejected chest messages
where 'azure' was used as a pun on 'assure.'

You know you're a Kiseki fan when you're watching sports
and you hear '...trails at the half' very differently.

I'd been training for so long to be a dresser,
but I was railroaded into being yet another
treasure chest.

[50/61] 'These are all the letters Jubilee has written to
you since our marriage,' Cyril explained. 'I always kept
them with me. I knew you would never come to me
willingly, so in a strange way, I was the best hiding place.'

They're Tear-Alls because they're made from the tears
of all the chests whose items have been plundered. 

Download the Chestvolution voice mod so that
every chest message in the game will be voiced.

Don't forget that you can return the SSS's car to the garage remotely.
Just open the state map and press #165I!#0C

[19/61] Seemingly confident with this decision, Cyril gave
the chest a light-but-defiant tap on its lid and exited the
room. 'This is the right way to go about it,' he thought as
he went to rap on Genevieve's door. 'It is!'

Now I'm one step closer to mastering
the Eight Leaves' Seventh Form: Void.

[36/61] 'We have a meeting with the madam mayor today.
Will it take long?' A pause. Genevieve wasn't used to
explaining herself, as she kept most of their interactions
as clipped as her words. 'It's with Jubilee, isn't it?'

As you looted the penguin from the chest, you could
have sworn it whispered something about a man it
calls 'Monsieur' and the importance of daily exercise.

Silly Falcom. Fans said they wanted
chest messages, not chest massages.

You may be asking what happened to the SSS's
leftover sepith in Trails from Zero. What, you think
you can put KeA through college on a CPD salary?

[46/61] After an uncomfortable minute that left Cyril
crouching on the ground with tears in his eyes, he let
out an easy sigh and lifted his head to look up at her.
'I've never heard you raise your voice before. Not once.'

SYSTEM ERROR
treasure.dll is missing.

Be it by happenstance or fate, I've lived out a wonderful dream.
Thank you all for sharing it with me. -- 'JA'

Thank you to the Geofront for giving me the chance to help
release the definitive version of the Crossbell arc in English. 
I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did. -- 'AG'

[59/61] She couldn't even finish her sentence before
Genevieve barreled into her chest to squeeze her middle.
Jubilee, indelicate as she was, lost her balance and fell
back to the floor, bringing about another surge of dust.

When the SSS needed to recruit a skilled negotiator,
marksman, and second-in-command, there was only
one candidate that was Elie-gible.

Does everyone consent to this looting?
The SSS and chest: 'I do.'
Aidios: 'I don't.'

[15/61] Bose also happened to be where his wife's true
love happened to live...as he had discovered upon finding
the chest before his hotel room door this morning rather
than hers. A mistake on the part of its sender.

Things have really gone off the rails.
H-Haha, get it?

Do you think the Anguis have a betting
pool on which Enforcer the Bright family
will adopt next?

[38/61] 'I forbid it,' Cyril responded with equal firmness.
'You're my wife. You're not to fritter away your hours
with some other woman under my nose.'

Congratulations on beating Chst IX: Monstrum Knox.

Which one do you think is a bigger mess?
Crossbell's political climate or Ilya's room?

[26/61] Genevieve, a beauty in the eyes of all, had long
been ruled by her father, an aggressive businessman
who longed for profits and peerage. Even after marriage,
her nervous habit of finding imperfections remained.

A message is engraved in the chest: 'Hngh... Lechter.
I'm trying to mess with Crossbell's politics, but I'm
dummy thicc, and the sound of my blood-and-iron
rule keeps alerting the mayor.'

I was sentenced 25 to life for chestslaughter.
You don't want any of this, buddy.

When I asked to be locked up,
this isn't what I had in mind.

This time, I did NOT clap when he used
the Eight Leaves One Blade style.

These two games have been a big part of my life for five years.
I'm not certain what future projects I'll take part in, but it's going
to be hard to surpass the satisfaction I feel for these two. -- 'JJL'
Found 

If Lloyd ends up adopting KeA,
does that make him a dadtective?

A hand holding an orbal gun
peeks out from inside the chest.
'The Elder King sends his regards.'

The Zemurian metric system has a few obscure
measurements that don't get talked about often.
For example, salt is measured in Grahams.

[22/61] He breathed deeply--deeeeeply--deeeeeeeeeply--
and let out a whine while running his raised hand through
his hair. He knew what he had to do; and if he had to be a
villain, he may as well be a sympathetic one.

Oh, these? My looties? My massive hecking quartzies? 
My space-bending, wind-flapping, gravity-welling magic orbs?

Upon closer inspection, you see a chess board in the chest.
You move the white rook to E4. Chestmate.

Wow, thank you so much for playing the game twice!
I guess you could say Azure doesn't lose its...luster.

[35/61] 'I would not,' she responded flatly. Cyril always
took care to ask this, even if she rarely agreed to it.
He frowned. 'If you don't mind, I have urgent business
of my own to attend to while we're here. Alone.'

How did I land a job inside the Azure Tree?
Let's just say the hire elements were active.

Keep going! Only ten more chests
to unlock the secret Chest Ending!

Crossbell City wasn't built in a day. It took
years of hard work to get us this far, so do
me a favor and end this story in style.

[54/61] Cyril set the chest in her palms, the newest
letter nestled between them and the chest's bottom.
He then leaned just so their foreheads barely touched.
Eyes closed, he whispered, 'Take care, Genevieve.'

Did you know chests are natural-born boxers?
It's no surprise, really. We're always squared up.

[8/61] It had certainly not been the wedding of his dreams.
Yet Cyril held deep sympathy for the woman, for from the
moment he met her father, he had seen that he loved his
daughter in the way the nobility loved fine jewelry.

Any reference to that other big Falcom
series would be a great Yster Egg.

[28/61] Those qualities pleased her father greatly. He was
the son of a viscount who could easily be manipulated!
What a find! And had she not fallen in love just before
their engagement, she would have thought so, too...

This chest message is exclusive to the Evolution version
and will have to be downloaded separately.

Found #2CChest Message#0C.

Crimson & Co. is starting its own line of oil paints. 
Its flagship pigment is 'The Red Ocher.'

[14/61] As part of a business venture pushed upon him
by his father-in-law, Cyril and his wife were now in Bose
to meet with its mayor. Its market was ever bustling,
and property values around it continued to rise.

If only all Trails fans would stock up on Battle Scopes.
Then they could finally stop arguing about power levels.

I don't understand these new master quartz battle orbments.
They're nothing but an Enigma to me.

Lloyd had to ground KeA for the first time over
the summer. He told her to pick up after herself
and not turn the SSS into the Mess Mess Mess.

Every chest message is a faithful translation.
You simply can't hear the TONE in which we're
saying 'the chest is empty' in Japanese.

I can trace my lineage back to my ancient anchestors.

How often do you think Remiferian general
goods stores get phone calls asking if they
have Prince Albert in a can?

If a chest is looted in the forest, does it make a sound?

Hahahaha... Chestaldinho Boxxer!

[27/61] Cyril wasn't the worst husband he could have
chosen for her. He was among the kindest she was
encouraged to court, to be sure. A little plain, but
not unattractive. Quite timid and very awkward.

The chest contains a flyer for an underground hotel.
'No matter the hour, get a good night's rest with us!
                                            -- Geofront Zzz Sector'

[5/61] Genevieve's father was a ruthless businessman
who would do anything to make a profit--even wed
his only daughter to the son of an Erebonian viscount.
...To him. Quite regrettably, in Cyril's humble opinion.

Treasua, as he looks at himself in the
mirror and unsheathes his dual brushes:
'...You're varnished.'

I also received the gift of the Sept-Terrion.
There was a second item, but I used spatial
annihilation to keep you from getting it.

WOOO! YEEEAAH...! W-Wait...
Why did only six people come
to MY unveiling ceremony?

I was under the impression that this was the Geofront C-hest Sector.
I believe there's been some kind of mistake.

[39/61] It was an unusually cold thing for him to say,
giving Genevieve pause. When she glared, as she so
often did rather than shout, he revealed the answer
to her question, eliciting a gasp from her.

You find a bag of round breath fresheners in the chest.
They're labeled, 'Epstein Orb Mints: Leman Flavor.'

[17/61] 'Perhaps we ought to meet and discuss this properly.'
Properly? Is there anything 'proper' about a woman's husband
seeking out her true love to discuss their options? Dear!
Oh, dear! The headache he had...

Great. Right after I finally got new
stock from Mr. Hayworth, too.

Did you hear about the time Phantom Thief B broke into Arc en Ciel?
I'm told he stole the spotlight. 

Inside the chest is a blue super hero costume
with a yellow F on the chest. Dudley tilts his
glasses as they reflect in the moonlight.

Stupid cryptid... You never would have
looted me had it not blown my hiding spot!

Why did Chief Sergei call the SSS here today?

'Why do they call the Enigma II an ORBment?
The quartz are square. The frame is square.
They should call it a SQUAREment.'
'That's goldia, Jerry! Goldia!'

[13/61] Inner conflict refusing to relieve itself, Cyril thrust
himself upward from his sprawled position and placed the
chest atop his dresser. He still had some hours to decide
whether or not to tell Genevieve about it.

What's the difference between an RPG protagonist and a rare metal collector?
One treasures your steel, and the other steals your treasure.

What happened with the doll studio quest in Zero? (Debug)

[7/61] When he kissed her after her 'I do,' her lips made
no effort to return it. He'd shielded the cold scene from
their blushing reception by cupping her cheeks in his
hands and tugging her tightened hair out of its bun.

[31/61] And the more she thought about it, the more
that warm fluttering seemed to spread from her chest
to her arms, to her legs, to her cheeks. She was ready
to burst! She couldn't wait to see her!

*click* Yep. This one's going in my hinge compilation.

Lloyd's Brave Smash is just the bump system on fire!
Change my mind!

Please, save us from these treasure chest messages.
We're ALSO out of ideas...

If Trails to Azure is so good, where is Trails to Bzure?

[32/61] The last thing to do was to place the book she'd
been re-reading--an inspiring work that reminded her
of an old friend she'd not seen for a year--in her bag.
And with that, she was ready to leave her life for good.

More debug shenanigans? You should try going
to the basement of Heiyue in Zero and Azure. :^)

I've always been bothered by my pointed features,
but people tell me I'd make for a good model.
They say I have all the right angles.

The truth of the Zemurian continent is that Aidios--
[this chest message has been confiscated by the
Congregation for the Sacraments].

You have to be thorough to open all of my
buddies in this game. You know what they
say: There's no chest for the weary.

Fun fact: The retry option in Sully's quest? Completely
unique to Geofront Azure. Don't know what I'm talking
about? You either nailed it or really messed up today.

Inside the treasure chest was absolutely nothing.
Nothing after nothing came bursting out.

[30/61] ...but she could not. No more of this! To hell with
being a wife! Screw it! She couldn't take another minute!
The moment she knew their next business trip was taking
them to Bose, she'd made plans to run.

I used to be a normal chest and then some blue-haired,
labcoat-wearing jerk stored red pills inside me.

The chest you have opened is not in service.
Please leave a message after the *clack*.

[43/61] 'Does that make it yours, then?' he retorted.
'What if I happened to like the local carpenter and
commissioned a fine chest to store my trinkets?'

You killed my only friends, so tell me...
Who's the REAL monster here?

We tried getting the Randy pepperoni pizza
mod to work in Zero, but it kept making the
game run at four-cheese frames per second.

Inside is a Mishy plush that Randy accidentally
gave to Zeit as a chew toy. He quickly shuts the
lid before Tio can see it.

Reading this message adds 5 bonding points to one of the characters,
but we're not going to tell you which one!

[37/61] Genevieve's eyes grew wide. He knew her name?
Of all the names that could have come from his mouth!
It left her own hanging open...but she had to say something.
She spoke firmly. 'How did you know?'

You open the chest, finding a scrap of paper
with some writing on it: 'This pun is tearable.'
You groan as you close the lid.

I read all about the raid in the Chestbell Times.
...What? I like to keep achest of the news.

Mirror, mirror on the wall,
who's the chestiest of them all?

[41/61] Genevieve recognized the craftsmanship right
away. No one held the same love for carpentry as her
one and only Jubilee. As she made to snatch it from
Cyril's hands, he raised it over his head.

The chest is empty...and this napalm!

You're chesting my patience.

The chest has thrown its lid off. It's no
longer holding back its empty contents.

I applied for a domain on the orbal network,
not to MOVE to a Domain. Stupid Crossbell
bureaucracy mix-ups.

I kept telling the others it was just water weight.
Maybe now they'll believe me.

I guess you could say that you have all the elements
of a hero in the making. Go get 'em.

Even if it is the hard way, it's still the right way!
You can do it, SSS!

I come from a long line of paper, plastic, and glass assassins.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, SSS...
I am known as Bin.

Whether light or dark, rain or shine, up or down...
We know you can win this!

[57/61] At this moment, she swept the floors aggressively
with butterflies flitting about in her stomach, legs, arms--
everywhere--waiting for midnight to strike. Waiting,
praying to Aidios...

Life is too short to carry a grudge.
As they say: success is the best revenge.

This is so sad. Enigma II tactical orbment,
play, 'A Victim's Past Wish.'

H-l- m-! I wand-r-d into th- light and this
ha---n-d. May I -l-as- borrow an -- Charg-?

Please, take me to St. Ursula Hospital!
All that fighting left me with chest pains...

[21/61] Nobility he was and husband he was also, but
part of Cyril clung to those wondrous, boyhood fairy
tales. 'This is the right way!' 'Villain! You're a villain!'
'She's my wife!' 'You're more married to her father!'

Attached to the balm is a label that reads 'Best before: S1005.'
Perhaps you shouldn't use this one...

This chest has a content respawn rate of zero percent.

[49/61] He opened the chest on her behalf, and as
though they had been over-stuffed, a thick bundle
of letters expanded and burst out until a wealth
of them were scattered on the floor between them.

[48/61] Cyril stood and carefully reached for the chest
with both hands, only to make her hug it more tightly.
He paused. Waited with patience. Moments later she
relented, understanding that he meant no harm.

Parting ways with Arios, they took the grand prince's
limousine to the woods off of Ursula Road to search
for the Alma Mushroom.

[55/61] In Bose, cramped between two of the most popular
shops on the block, was a tiny, tiny building. Last year,
it had been in a terrible state. Cobwebs once adorned the
windows, and insect droppings were commonplace.


The phrases 'Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned,'
and, 'I'm sorry, Daddy. I've been bad,' are the same.
                               -- Wazy Hemisphere, probably

All kidding aside, we really do
believe in you. You got this!

I would say I'm a down to earth chest, but now I'm down to nothing.

You're finally at the end.
Don't give up now!

It contains everything you ever wanted.
Assuming everything you've ever wanted
was stale air and some dust.

Check me once, shame on you.
Check me twice, still shame on you.
Please stop checking me.

[1/61] You remember reading the teaser in Trails in the Sky the 3rd
for 'Trails in the Chest, Pt. II,' but you didn't think it'd ever come.
Yet suddenly, you have a craving for more Trails...in the Chest.

[6/61] The day of their wedding, she, beautifully pristine
to a distressing degree in his eyes, had marched down
the aisle at a stiff pace. When he lifted her veil, he'd
seen no joy in her expression.

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand police-
stealing-from-treasure-chest jokes. The humor is extremely subtle,
and without a solid grasp of Crossbell State law, most of the jokes
will go over a typical player's head.

I wanted to be a music box,
but I couldn't carry a tune.

[44/61] 'Oh, SHUT UP!' Genevieve hopped just enough to
grip it and pulled it downward. Both had their hands on
the chest now, and neither one appeared to have any
intention of letting go. And then, to Genevieve's shock...

Chest fact: Chests have domed lids to discourage being
sat on and repel water from pooling atop it. Doing so
extends the lifespan of the chest!

It would have been a crime not to open me.
What charge, you ask? Resisting a-chest.

[11/61] True love! Something out of fairy tales, yes, but
Cyril's heart always did pang with longing while reading
them. He was a romantic at heart, and now here he sat,
the key villain in one seemingly penned to life.

That item's used. As in, it used to be
mine before you took it.

Would you like to join our order, O
We teach that if a chest is open, it is
therefore empty.

For marketing purposes, we named the game Trails to Azure.
Internally, we still call it Trails to ZX Advent.

Why would a talking chest like me choose to live in
a place like this? You'd be surprised how badly D
tanked the property values here. Rent is dirt cheap!

I also applied for asylum in Erebonia, but the
Imperial government denied me for talking
too much during my interview.

When choosing whether to stick with the old font or
use a new one, there was a fair amount of arguments
over it, but we eventually reached a Cuprumise.